poc: Adding poetry tool to manage scripts (#583)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: poc/README.md

## Development

Install poetry following these [instructions](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation):

```sh
export POETRY_HOME=/opt/poetry
python -m venv $POETRY_HOME
$POETRY_HOME/bin/pip install poetry==2.2.0
```

Use poetry to install project's dependencies.

```sh
poetry install
```

## Testing

Now, we can run the unit tests:

```sh
poetry run poe tests
```

## Generating test vectors

To generate test vectors, run:

```sh
poetry run poe vectors
```

Users can also specify a custom path to generate the test vectors in
the environment variable `TEST_VECTOR_PATH`:

```sh
TEST_VECTOR_PATH=path/to/test_vec poetry run poe vectors
```

## Formatting Code

Before submitting code, make sure the code is properly formatted.

```sh
poetry run poe check
```

Otherwise, let the tools format the code.

```sh
poetry run poe format
```

## Linter

> Run some checks to verify code quality and types annotation.

Reviewer: nit: typo
```suggestion
Run some checks to verify code quality and type annotations.
```

Author: done
